
User Sign-up Simulation

---

Name: Sierra Smith  
Date Created: 10/21/2024

---

Program Description: 
At the base level, this program takes user input and compares it with regular expression patterns
to determine whether the input is valid or not. To simulate a real-life scenario, the program
takes the user through a sign-up process while verifying their input. After three key pieces of
info (phone number, social security number, zip code) have been verified, an account summary is
shown and the user is prompted to log out. There is also an option to make a new account which
restarts the sign-up process.

---

Logical Steps:  
1. Call main().
2. Call start().
3. Prompt user to give info for "name," "username," and "password."
4. Call validate().
5. Prompt user for phone number, social security number, and zip code.
6. If any of the input is incorrect, the user is prompted again until they enter
	input that matches the corresponding regular expression pattern.
7. Store all correct user input into a list (valid_info).
8. Call display() with all the verified input used as arguments.
9. Display success message with account summary displaying the valid user input.
10. Call end().
11. Prompt the user to log out.
12. Give the user an option to create a new account or exit the program.
13. If the user chooses to create a new account, the program restarts.

---

Variables:  
1. DIV: Reused divider that enhances the neatness of program output.
2. name: (Global) Input; the user's name.
3. username: (Global) Input; the user's username.
4. password: (Global) Input; the user's password.
5. p_pat: Regular expression pattern for a phone number.
6. ssn_pat: Regular expression pattern for a social security number.
7. zip_pat: Regular expression pattern for a zip code.
8. verif: Dictionary containing parameters for verifying the user input.
9. valid_info: A list that stores all verified user input.
10. count: Counter for iterating through dictionary list indexes.
11. user_info: Input that is tested and added to the valid_info list.
12. restart: Input that determines whether the user will restart or exit the program.

---

Functions:
1. Function Name: main  
   Description: Main function that contains all other functions.
   Parameters: None
   Returns: None

2. Function Name: start
   Description: Starts user sign-up process. 
   Parameters: None  
   Returns: None

3. Function Name: validate
   Description: Prompts user for info and stores verified input into a list (valid_info).  
   Parameters: None  
   Returns: None

4. Function Name: display
   Description: Takes input that is stored in valid_info and displays it in an account summary. 
   Parameters: phone, ssn, zipcode
   Returns: None

5. Function Name: end
   Description: Prompts user to log out. Also prompts user to create a new account or exit the
 	program.
   Parameters: None 
   Returns: None

---

Link to repository: https://github.com/Cyb3rS1/User-Sign-up-Simulation
